doc: Improve uninstall (#304)
codacy/chart: docs/extra/uninstall.md

# Uninstall

To ensure a clean removal you should uninstall Codacy before destroying the cluster.
To do so run:

```bash
helm del --purge codacy
kubectl -n codacy delete --all pod &
kubectl -n codacy delete --all pvc &
kubectl -n codacy delete --all pv  &
kubectl -n codacy delete --all job &
sleep 5
kubectl -n codacy patch pvc -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":null}}' $(kubectl -n codacy get pvc -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}')
kubectl -n codacy patch pv -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":null}}' $(kubectl -n codacy get pv -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}')
sleep 5
kubectl -n codacy delete pod $(kubectl -n codacy get pod -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}') --force --grace-period=0
kubectl -n codacy get pod &
kubectl -n codacy get pvc &
kubectl -n codacy get pv  &
kubectl -n codacy get job &
```

Note that the deletion of `pvc`s in the above command has to run in the background

> due to a cyclic dependency in one of the components. If you are unsure of these

Author: ```suggestion
due to a cyclic dependency in one of the components. If you are unsure of the
effects of these commands please run each of the `bash` subcommands and validate their output.
```

Author: Like this @pauloribeiro-codacy ?

> due to a cyclic dependency in one of the components. If you are unsure of these

Author: ```suggestion
due to a cyclic dependency in one of the components. If you are unsure of the effects of these
```

> commands' effect please run the each of the `bash` subcommands and validate their output.

Reviewer: Suggestion and fix typo:

"If you are unsure of the effects of these commands please run each of the `bash` subcommands and validate their output."

> commands' effect please run the each of the `bash` subcommands and validate their output.

Author: ```suggestion
commands please run each of the `bash` subcommands and validate their output.
```

> commands' effect please run the each of the `bash` subcommands and validate their output.

Author: ```suggestion
commands please run each of the bash subcommands and validate their output.
```
